The President:
Hi, everybody.
Sunday is Father's Day.
If you haven't got Dad a
gift yet,
there's still time.
Just barely.
But the truth is, what we
give our fathers
can never match what our
fathers give us.
I know how important it
is to have
a dad in your life,
because I grew up without my
father around.
I felt the weight
of his absence.
So for Michelle and our
girls, I try every
day to be the husband and father
my family didn't
have when I was young.
And every chance I get, I
encourage fathers
to get more involved in their
children's lives,
because what makes you a man
isn't the ability
to have a child - it's the
courage to raise one.
Still, over the past
couple years,
I've met with a lot of young
people who don't have
a father figure around.
And while there's nothing
that can replace a parent,
any of us can do our part
to be a mentor, a sounding
board, a role model for
a kid who needs one.
Earlier this year, I
launched an initiative
called My Brother's Keeper
- an all-hands-on-deck
effort to help more of our
young
men reach their full potential.
And if you want to be a
mentor
to a young man in your
community, you can find
out how at
WhiteHouse.gov/MyBrothersKeeper
Now, when I launched this
initiative,
I said that government can't
play the primary role
in a young person's life.
Taking responsibility for
being a great parent
or mentor is a choice that
we, as individuals,
have to make.
No government program can
ever take the place
of a parent's love.
Still, as a country, there
are ways
we can help support dads and
moms who make that choice.
That's why, earlier this
week, we brought
working dads from across America
to the White House
to talk about the challenges
they face.
And in a few weeks, I'll
hold the first-ever
White House Working
Families Summit.
We've still got too many
workplace policies
that belong in the 1950s, and
it's time to bring them
up to date for today's
families,
where oftentimes, both
parents are working.
Moms and dads deserve
affordable child care, and
time off to care for a
sick parent or child
without running
into hardship.
Women deserve equal pay
for equal work -
and at a time when more women
are breadwinners for a family,
that benefits men, too.
And because no parent who
works full-time should
have to raise a family in
poverty, it's time
for Congress to follow the
lead of state after state,
get on the bandwagon, and
give America a raise.
Dads work hard.
So our country should do
what we can to make sure
their hard work pays off;
to make sure life
for them and their families is a
little less stressful,
and a little more secure, so
they
can be the dads their kids need them to be.
Because there's nothing
more precious
in life than the time we spend
with our children.
There's no better feeling
than knowing that
we can be there for them, and
provide for them,
and help give them every
shot at success.
Let's make sure every dad
who works hard
and takes responsibility has the
chance to know that
feeling, not just on one
Sunday,
but every day of the year.
Thanks everybody, happy
Father's Day,
and have a great weekend.